---
layout: post
title: An long overdue update from Killerbyte
date: 2021-08-23 12:00:00 +1000
author: Killerbyte
---

Well hello there!

I really have a knack for neglecting things, don't I.

So, I abandoned The OmniFace War. Ended up getting a job and stopped working on it entirely.

Throw in the while Unity debacle with the Runtime Fee and I kinda swore off Unity completely. I was looking at Godot and I might still learn it but I've more or less moved on from Game Development.

At least I still have quite a bit of programming experience to fall back on. I figured I'd start relearning a bunch of stuff like React, some Python.

One other thing that I'd been meaning to make for some time was a homelab and I gotta say, it's already kinda fun diving back into Linux and Raspberry Pi all over again. 

I'm still exploring some stuff but I am using a Raspberry Pi 400 for the moment (The Pi 5 is on the way), and I have a nice new case for it as well, the Argon Neo 5 NVMe. It comes with a NVMe board that connects to the Pi 5 using the PCIe slot that is onboard the Pi 5. Shame it's only a Gen 2 though but a nice 1TB drive should help.

As a result, I've been able to start learning about Docker and containerizing everything. Hell, I even have a instance of VS Code running on a Docker container called code-server. 

One downside to this whole experience is trying to connect to everything while my router runs CGNAT. Now, CGNAT or Carrier-Grade NAT, conserves IP addresses by assigning multiple people the same IP address and then giving each person a separate port to route their traffic through. This is a nightmare for anyone running a homelab or home server.

As a result, I've had to resort to ZeroTier to tunnel my way into the network without exposing anything to the outside world.

Throw in Nginx Proxy Manager for good measure for assigning a domain to each container for easy access.

I'll probably ramble on a bit more in future posts but I'll leave it for the moment.

Until next time,

Killerbyte
